Selena "Ash" Asher is a programmer, engineer and a musician, who finds themselves enlisted into a space mining job. Ash, alongside her girlfriend, Jenna "Jenny Death" Bloom are short on their finances. This is all despite the efforts of Jenny to maintain the stability of her drug trafficking project. So, Ash takes it upon herself and puts her knowledge to use.

She signs on to Beartech Industries through a lone terminal in the dark, and sends her application. Only through text does she get a response, and it is warm. The coming months would be dedicated to training, and soon she would become one of the most promising miners among her peers.

As such, it is not long before Ash finds herself in space, near the bioluminiscent beauty of gas giant Piscea V. Her whereabouts are approximate, due to interference from Piscea's thick atmosphere. Nonetheless, she doesn't let any of the variables get jumbled in her head. 

While she works, vast amounts of an unknown psychoactive chemical are collected. Jeff Arnault, also going by the username mama_bear when communicating with employees, oversees the operations taking place on P5. His messages are succinct and stern, but also maddeningly playful.

At times, it can almost feel like you're receiving orders from your actual mother. And with this, it gives Ash some highly uncomfortable form of reprieve. Jeff and Ash share many long and powerful conversations over the course of several months while she's in space. 

Out of nowhere, though, and perhaps quite well-timed, Jenny leaves a message stating the inarguable termination of the relationship that she and Ash had. After multiple attempts to reach out to Jenny with no luck, Ash goes on a drug-fueled bender and veers the ship into deep space. 

Weeks go by with zero response from Ash after her ship disappears from Arnault's field of detection. She is assumed dead or dying, with her involvement in the project being entirely erased. Due to the hostility of the space surrounding the solar system, it is assumed that there is no way Ash could be alive or in good health. 

Ash is alive, but they were right. She wakes up (and falls asleep again, multiple times) to a ship in dire straits and must scramble to repair key components before she's ejected into space. More mysterious, however, is that when she runs diagnostics on her ship, a deleted call log appears in the debug feed.

When restoring the file using her own laptop, she discovers a slew of missed calls from Bloom. The calls came days before the message that sent Ash off course. Naturally, this confuses Ash. Ash would otherwise ignore this file, if it weren't for the fact that it was deleted, and that she received no call.

And so, with an obvious conspiracy afoot, Ash gets started on putting the puzzle pieces together and rushing to protect Jenny.